The client that we worked with was a company called DriverPass. Their goal was to create a site that provided resources of training tools such as online classes and on-the-road training to improve driving skills to obtain drivers licenses. Their system was designed to allow students to be able to have flexibility in booking classes online and in person with certified instructors. Students were also able to cancel and reschedule courses. All courses and on-the-road training followed DMV regulations and policies. The system was designed to be able to manage all aspects mentioned and allow administration to be able to turn off packages that were no longer available for offer. 
Overall, I feel I understood the requirements of the DriverPass client well which transpired into mapping relationships and associations in UML diagrams. I feel I was able to visually represent these associations well in the UML diagrams and the class diagram. I feel after gathering as much information as possible, the translation into the UML diagram came forth strong, but could be expanded more with more time allotted. 
The sequence diagram would be the diagram that I would choose to revise. I feel I put more effort into the class diagram than I did the sequence diagram. I do feel that the sequence diagram was a bit scattered, so choosing a better organizational route would be best in this case. I do feel if I were to base a software program off of my original sequence diagram, I could have errors arise such as nested loops upon testing. In my head I know what I am trying to accomplish and possibly visually it could be understood, but there is a possibility that errors can arise. A more detailed process needs to occur in the sequence diagram with a better visual representation. 
The interview transcript was the overall starting point of understanding the user’s needs. I made sure to notate the deliverables in order that they occurred in the transcript, and they made sure to prioritize according to high level to low level. There was a lot of research via the web and referring to text resources given by the Professor for further understanding and clarity.  I researched security measures and the best options for functionality for the program which would be housed in a cloud storage option. I also made sure that log in requirements had encryption behind them for security purposes. Log in options needed to be unique to each user and passwords needed to be unique as well. I took the feedback into consideration as well and made sure that the end product was what DriverPass and its end users were wanting. Making sure that the users feedback was focused on was a crucial part of the development process. 
Designing the program software is still fairly new to me. For the best understanding of the design process reverting back to UML class diagrams was most helpful. Overall in previous courses the use of UML class diagrams has helped me breakdown the code more efficiently. They help me have a better understanding of the associations and classes and relationships. The structure of the code is based on the requirements and the use of the UML diagram helps layout the requirements in a structured fashion. Further down the line, the use of feedback would help improve the code and I could make iterative development changes. 
